Explain how to update the Content Security Policy (#21)
aws-samples/amazon-cloudfront-secure-static-site: README.md

https://s3.amazonaws.com/solution-builders-us-east-1/amazon-cloudfront-secure-static-site/latest/main.yaml

> ## Making Changes to the Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customizing the Solution
```

Suggestion only, but I think this fits better as you're not really changing "the solution".

        --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM CAPABILITY_AUTO_EXPAND \
        --parameter-overrides  DomainName=<your domain name> SubDomain=<your website subdomain>
    ```
### Updating the site Content Security Policy

> To update the Content Security Policy of the site, update the header values located in `source/secured-headers/index.js`. 
> Deploy the solution following the steps described above in [Update the website content locally](#update-the-website-content-locally)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the Content Security Policy of the site:

1. Make your changes to the header values by editing `source/secured-headers/index.js`. 
1. Deploy the solution by following the steps in [Update the website content locally](#update-the-website-content-locally)
```
